intune/kiosk-settings-windows.md, before:

---
# required metadata

title: Kiosk settings for Windows 10 in Microsoft Intune - Azure | Microsoft Docs
description: Configure your Windows 10 (and later) devices as single-app and multi-app kiosks, customize the start menu, add apps, show the task bar, and configure a web browser in Microsoft Intune. 
keywords:
author: MandiOhlinger
ms.author: mandia
manager: dougeby
ms.date: 02/13/2019
ms.topic: reference
ms.prod:
ms.service: microsoft-intune
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.technology:

# optional metadata

#ROBOTS:
#audience:
#ms.devlang:
ms.suite: ems
search.appverid: MET150
#ms.tgt_pltfrm:
ms.custom: intune-azure; seodec18
ms.collection: M365-identity-device-management
---

# Windows 10 and later device settings to run as a kiosk in Intune

On Windows 10 and later devices, you can configure these devices to run in single-app kiosk mode, or multi-app kiosk mode.

This article lists and describes the different settings you can control on Windows 10 and later devices. As part of your mobile device management (MDM) solution, use these settings to configure your Windows 10 and later devices to run in kiosk mode.

As an Intune administrator, you can create and assign these settings to your devices.

To learn more about the Windows kiosk feature in Intune, see [configure kiosk settings](kiosk-settings.md).

## Before you begin

- [Create the profile](kiosk-settings.md#create-the-profile).

- This kiosk profile is directly related to the device restrictions profile you create using the [Microsoft Edge kiosk settings](device-restrictions-windows-10.md#microsoft-edge-browser). To summarize:

  1. Create this kiosk profile to run the device in kiosk mode.
  2. Create the [device restrictions profile](device-restrictions-windows-10.md#microsoft-edge-browser), and configure specific features and settings allowed in Microsoft Edge.

> [!IMPORTANT] 
> Be sure to assign this kiosk profile to the same devices as your [Microsoft Edge profile](device-restrictions-windows-10.md#microsoft-edge-browser).

## Single full-screen app kiosks

Runs only one app on the device.

- **Select a kiosk mode**: Choose **single app, full-screen kiosk**.

- **User logon type**: The apps you add run as the user account you enter. Your options:

  - **Auto logon (Windows 10 version 1803 and later)**: Use on kiosks in public-facing environments that don't require the user to sign in, similar to a guest account. This setting uses the [AssignedAccess CSP](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/assignedaccess-csp).
  - **Local user account**: Enter the local (to the device) user account. The account you enter signs in to the kiosk.

- **Application type**: Select the application type. Your options:

  - **Add Microsoft Edge browser**: Select **Microsoft Edge browser**, and choose the **Edge kiosk mode type**:

    - **Digital/Interactive signage**: Opens a URL full screen, and only shows the content on that website. [Set up digital signs](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/configuration/setup-digital-signage) provides more information on this feature.
    - **Public browsing (InPrivate)**: Runs a limited multi-tab version of Microsoft Edge. Users can browse publically or end their browsing session.

    For more information on these options, see [Deploy Microsoft Edge kiosk mode](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/deploy/microsoft-edge-kiosk-mode-deploy#supported-configuration-types).

    > [!NOTE]
    > This setting enables the Microsoft Edge browser on the device. To configure Microsoft Edge-specific settings, create a device configuration profile (**Device Configuration** > **Profiles** > **Create profile** > **Windows 10** for platform > **Device Restrictions** >  **Microsoft Edge Browser**). [Microsoft Edge browser](device-restrictions-windows-10.md#microsoft-edge-browser) lists and describes the available settings.

    Select **OK** to save your changes.

  - **Add Kiosk browser**: Select **Kiosk browser settings**. These settings control a web browser app on the kiosk. Be sure you get the [Kiosk browser app](https://businessstore.microsoft.com/store/details/kiosk-browser/9NGB5S5XG2KP) from the Store, add it to Intune as a [Client App](apps-add.md), and then assign the app to the kiosk devices.

    Enter the following settings:

    - **Default home page URL**: Enter the default URL shown when the kiosk browser opens or when the browser restarts. For example, enter `http://bing.com` or `http://www.contoso.com`.

    - **Home button**: **Show** or **hide** the kiosk browser's home button. By default, the button isn't shown.

    - **Navigation buttons**: **Show** or **hide** the forward and back buttons. By default, the navigation buttons aren't shown.

    - **End session button**: **Show** or **hide** the end session button. When shown, the user selects the button, and the app prompts to end the session. When confirmed, the browser clears all browsing data (cookies, cache, and so on), and then opens the default URL. By default, the button isn't shown.

    - **Refresh browser after idle time**: Enter the amount of idle time (1-1440 minutes) until the kiosk browser restarts in a fresh state. Idle time is the number of minutes since the user’s last interaction. By default, the value is empty or blank, which means there isn't any idle timeout.

    - **Allowed websites**: Use this setting to allow specific websites to open. In other words, use this feature to restrict or prevent websites on the device. For example, you can allow all websites at `http://contoso.com*` to open. By default, all websites are allowed.

      To allow specific websites, upload a file that includes a list of the allowed websites on separate lines. If you don't add a file, all websites are allowed. Intune supports `*` (asterisk) as a wild card.

      Your sample file should look similar to the following list:

      `http://bing.com`  
      `https://bing.com`  
      `http://contoso.com/*`  
      `https://contoso.com/*`  

    Select **OK** to save your changes.

  - **Add Store app**: Select **Add a store app**, and choose an app from the list.

    Don't have any apps listed? Add some using the steps at [Client Apps](apps-add.md).

  Select **OK** to save your changes.

## Multi-app kiosks

Apps in this mode are available on the start menu. These apps are the only apps the user can open. If an app has a dependency on another app, both must be included in the allowed apps list. For example, Internet Explorer 64-bit has a dependency on Internet Explorer 32-bit, so you must allow both "C:\Program Files\internet explorer\iexplore.exe" and “C:\Program Files (x86)\Internet Explorer\iexplore.exe”. 

- **Select a kiosk mode**: Choose **Multi app kiosk**.

- **Target Windows 10 in S mode devices**:
  - **Yes**: Allows store apps and AUMID apps (excludes Win32 apps) in the kiosk profile.
  - **No**: Allows store apps, Win32 apps, and AUMID apps in the kiosk profile. This kiosk profile isn't deployed to S-mode devices.

- **User logon type**: The apps you add run as the user account you enter. Your options:

  - **Auto logon (Windows 10 version 1803 and later)**: Use on kiosks in public-facing environments that don't require the user to sign in, similar to a guest account. This setting uses the [AssignedAccess CSP](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/assignedaccess-csp).
  - **Local user account**: **Add** the local (to the device) user account. The account you enter signs in to the kiosk.
  - **Azure AD user or group (Windows 10 version 1803 and later)**: Select **Add**, and choose Azure AD users or groups from the list. You can select multiple users and groups. Choose **Select** to save your changes.
  - **HoloLens visitor**: The visitor account is a guest account that doesn't require any user credentials or authentication, as described in [shared PC mode concepts](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/configuration/set-up-shared-or-guest-pc#shared-pc-mode-concepts).

- **Browser and Applications**: Add the apps to run on the kiosk device. Remember, you can add several apps.

  - **Browsers**

    - **Add Microsoft Edge**: Microsoft Edge is added to the app grid, and all applications can run on this kiosk. Choose the **Microsoft Edge kiosk mode type**:

      - **Normal mode (full version of Microsoft Edge)**: Runs a full-version of Microsoft Edge with all browsing features. User data and state are saved between sessions.
      - **Public browsing (InPrivate)**: Runs a multi-tab version of Microsoft Edge InPrivate with a tailored experience for kiosks that run in full-screen mode.

      For more information on these options, see [Deploy Microsoft Edge kiosk mode](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/deploy/microsoft-edge-kiosk-mode-deploy#supported-configuration-types).

      > [!NOTE]
      > This setting enables the Microsoft Edge browser on the device. To configure Microsoft Edge-specific settings, create a device configuration profile (**Device Configuration** > **Profiles** > **Create profile** > **Windows 10** for platform > **Device Restrictions** >  **Microsoft Edge Browser**). [Microsoft Edge browser](device-restrictions-windows-10.md#microsoft-edge-browser) lists and describes the available settings.

      Select **OK** to save your changes.

    - **Add Kiosk browser**: These settings control a web browser app on the kiosk. Be sure you deploy a web browser app to the kiosk devices using [Client Apps](apps-add.md).

      Enter the following settings:

      - **Default home page URL**: Enter the default URL shown when the kiosk browser opens or when the browser restarts. For example, enter `http://bing.com` or `http://www.contoso.com`.

      - **Home button**: **Show** or **hide** the kiosk browser's home button. By default, the button isn't shown.

      - **Navigation buttons**: **Show** or **hide** the forward and back buttons. By default, the navigation buttons aren't shown.

      - **End session button**: **Show** or **hide** the end session button. When shown, the user selects the button, and the app prompts to end the session. When confirmed, the browser clears all browsing data (cookies, cache, and so on), and then opens the default URL. By default, the button isn't shown.

      - **Refresh browser after idle time**: Enter the amount of idle time (1-1440 minutes) until the kiosk browser restarts in a fresh state. Idle time is the number of minutes since the user’s last interaction. By default, the value is empty or blank, which means there isn't any idle timeout.

      - **Allowed websites**: Use this setting to allow specific websites to open. In other words, use this feature to restrict or prevent websites on the device. For example, you can allow all websites at `contoso.com*` to open. By default, all websites are allowed.

        To allow specific websites, upload a .csv file that includes a list of the allowed websites. If you don't add a .csv file, all websites are allowed.

      Select **OK** to save your changes.

  - **Applications**

    - **Add store app**: Add an app from the Microsoft Store for Business. If you don't have any apps listed, then you can get apps, and [add them to Intune](store-apps-windows.md). For example, you can add Kiosk Browser, Excel, OneNote, and more.

      Select **OK** to save your changes.

    - **Add Win32 App**: A Win32 app is a traditional desktop app, such as Visual Studio Code or Google Chrome. Enter the following properties:

      - **Application name**: Required. Enter a name for the application.
      - **Local path**: Required. Enter the path to the executable, such as `C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft VS Code\Code.exe` or `C:\Program Files (x86)\Google\Chrome\Application\chrome.exe`.
      - **Application user model ID (AUMID)**: Enter the Application user model ID (AUMID) of the Win32 app. This setting determines the start layout of the tile on the desktop. To get this ID, see [Get-StartApps](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/startlayout/get-startapps?view=win10-ps).

      Select **OK** to save your changes.

    - **Add by AUMID**: Use this option to add inbox Windows apps, such as Notepad or Calculator. Enter the following properties:

      - **Application name**: Required. Enter a name for the application.
      - **Application user model ID (AUMID)**: Required. Enter the Application user model ID (AUMID) of the Windows app. To get this ID, see [find the Application User Model ID of an installed app](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-hardware/customize/enterprise/find-the-application-user-model-id-of-an-installed-app).

      Select **OK** to save your changes.

    - **Tile size**: Required. Choose a Small, Medium, Wide, or Large app tile size.

  > [!TIP]
  > After you add all the apps, you can change the display order by clicking-and-dragging the apps in the list.  

- **Use alternative Start layout**: Choose **Yes** to enter an XML file that describes how the apps appear on the start menu, including the order of the apps. Use this option if you require more customization in your start menu. [Customize and export Start layout](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/configuration/customize-and-export-start-layout) provides some guidance, and sample XML.

- **Windows Taskbar**: Choose to **Show** or **hide** the taskbar. By default, the taskbar isn't shown. Icons, such as the Wi-Fi icon, are shown, but the settings can't be changed by end users.

Select **OK** to save your changes.

## Next steps

[Assign the profile](device-profile-assign.md) and [monitor its status](device-profile-monitor.md).

You can also create kiosk profiles for [Android](device-restrictions-android.md#kiosk), [Android Enterprise](device-restrictions-android-for-work.md#dedicated-device-settings), and [Windows Holographic for Business](kiosk-settings-holographic.md) devices.

Commit message:

Doc change for 1903 - Allow access to Downloads folder
Please don't publish until 1903 GA.

intune/kiosk-settings-windows.md, after:

---
# required metadata

title: Kiosk settings for Windows 10 in Microsoft Intune - Azure | Microsoft Docs
description: Configure your Windows 10 (and later) devices as single-app and multi-app kiosks, customize the start menu, add apps, show the task bar, and configure a web browser in Microsoft Intune. 
keywords:
author: MandiOhlinger
ms.author: mandia
manager: dougeby
ms.date: 02/13/2019
ms.topic: reference
ms.prod:
ms.service: microsoft-intune
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.technology:

# optional metadata

#ROBOTS:
#audience:
#ms.devlang:
ms.suite: ems
search.appverid: MET150
#ms.tgt_pltfrm:
ms.custom: intune-azure; seodec18
ms.collection: M365-identity-device-management
---

# Windows 10 and later device settings to run as a kiosk in Intune

On Windows 10 and later devices, you can configure these devices to run in single-app kiosk mode, or multi-app kiosk mode.

This article lists and describes the different settings you can control on Windows 10 and later devices. As part of your mobile device management (MDM) solution, use these settings to configure your Windows 10 and later devices to run in kiosk mode.

As an Intune administrator, you can create and assign these settings to your devices.

To learn more about the Windows kiosk feature in Intune, see [configure kiosk settings](kiosk-settings.md).

## Before you begin

- [Create the profile](kiosk-settings.md#create-the-profile).

- This kiosk profile is directly related to the device restrictions profile you create using the [Microsoft Edge kiosk settings](device-restrictions-windows-10.md#microsoft-edge-browser). To summarize:

  1. Create this kiosk profile to run the device in kiosk mode.
  2. Create the [device restrictions profile](device-restrictions-windows-10.md#microsoft-edge-browser), and configure specific features and settings allowed in Microsoft Edge.

> [!IMPORTANT] 
> Be sure to assign this kiosk profile to the same devices as your [Microsoft Edge profile](device-restrictions-windows-10.md#microsoft-edge-browser).

## Single full-screen app kiosks

Runs only one app on the device.

- **Select a kiosk mode**: Choose **single app, full-screen kiosk**.

- **User logon type**: The apps you add run as the user account you enter. Your options:

  - **Auto logon (Windows 10 version 1803 and later)**: Use on kiosks in public-facing environments that don't require the user to sign in, similar to a guest account. This setting uses the [AssignedAccess CSP](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/assignedaccess-csp).
  - **Local user account**: Enter the local (to the device) user account. The account you enter signs in to the kiosk.

- **Application type**: Select the application type. Your options:

  - **Add Microsoft Edge browser**: Select **Microsoft Edge browser**, and choose the **Edge kiosk mode type**:

    - **Digital/Interactive signage**: Opens a URL full screen, and only shows the content on that website. [Set up digital signs](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/configuration/setup-digital-signage) provides more information on this feature.
    - **Public browsing (InPrivate)**: Runs a limited multi-tab version of Microsoft Edge. Users can browse publically or end their browsing session.

    For more information on these options, see [Deploy Microsoft Edge kiosk mode](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/deploy/microsoft-edge-kiosk-mode-deploy#supported-configuration-types).

    > [!NOTE]
    > This setting enables the Microsoft Edge browser on the device. To configure Microsoft Edge-specific settings, create a device configuration profile (**Device Configuration** > **Profiles** > **Create profile** > **Windows 10** for platform > **Device Restrictions** >  **Microsoft Edge Browser**). [Microsoft Edge browser](device-restrictions-windows-10.md#microsoft-edge-browser) lists and describes the available settings.

    Select **OK** to save your changes.

  - **Add Kiosk browser**: Select **Kiosk browser settings**. These settings control a web browser app on the kiosk. Be sure you get the [Kiosk browser app](https://businessstore.microsoft.com/store/details/kiosk-browser/9NGB5S5XG2KP) from the Store, add it to Intune as a [Client App](apps-add.md), and then assign the app to the kiosk devices.

    Enter the following settings:

    - **Default home page URL**: Enter the default URL shown when the kiosk browser opens or when the browser restarts. For example, enter `http://bing.com` or `http://www.contoso.com`.

    - **Home button**: **Show** or **hide** the kiosk browser's home button. By default, the button isn't shown.

    - **Navigation buttons**: **Show** or **hide** the forward and back buttons. By default, the navigation buttons aren't shown.

    - **End session button**: **Show** or **hide** the end session button. When shown, the user selects the button, and the app prompts to end the session. When confirmed, the browser clears all browsing data (cookies, cache, and so on), and then opens the default URL. By default, the button isn't shown.

    - **Refresh browser after idle time**: Enter the amount of idle time (1-1440 minutes) until the kiosk browser restarts in a fresh state. Idle time is the number of minutes since the user’s last interaction. By default, the value is empty or blank, which means there isn't any idle timeout.

    - **Allowed websites**: Use this setting to allow specific websites to open. In other words, use this feature to restrict or prevent websites on the device. For example, you can allow all websites at `http://contoso.com*` to open. By default, all websites are allowed.

      To allow specific websites, upload a file that includes a list of the allowed websites on separate lines. If you don't add a file, all websites are allowed. Intune supports `*` (asterisk) as a wild card.

      Your sample file should look similar to the following list:

      `http://bing.com`  
      `https://bing.com`  
      `http://contoso.com/*`  
      `https://contoso.com/*`  

    Select **OK** to save your changes.

  - **Add Store app**: Select **Add a store app**, and choose an app from the list.

    Don't have any apps listed? Add some using the steps at [Client Apps](apps-add.md).

  Select **OK** to save your changes.

## Multi-app kiosks

Apps in this mode are available on the start menu. These apps are the only apps the user can open. If an app has a dependency on another app, both must be included in the allowed apps list. For example, Internet Explorer 64-bit has a dependency on Internet Explorer 32-bit, so you must allow both "C:\Program Files\internet explorer\iexplore.exe" and “C:\Program Files (x86)\Internet Explorer\iexplore.exe”. 

- **Select a kiosk mode**: Choose **Multi app kiosk**.

- **Target Windows 10 in S mode devices**:
  - **Yes**: Allows store apps and AUMID apps (excludes Win32 apps) in the kiosk profile.
  - **No**: Allows store apps, Win32 apps, and AUMID apps in the kiosk profile. This kiosk profile isn't deployed to S-mode devices.

- **User logon type**: The apps you add run as the user account you enter. Your options:

  - **Auto logon (Windows 10 version 1803 and later)**: Use on kiosks in public-facing environments that don't require the user to sign in, similar to a guest account. This setting uses the [AssignedAccess CSP](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/assignedaccess-csp).
  - **Local user account**: **Add** the local (to the device) user account. The account you enter signs in to the kiosk.
  - **Azure AD user or group (Windows 10 version 1803 and later)**: Select **Add**, and choose Azure AD users or groups from the list. You can select multiple users and groups. Choose **Select** to save your changes.
  - **HoloLens visitor**: The visitor account is a guest account that doesn't require any user credentials or authentication, as described in [shared PC mode concepts](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/configuration/set-up-shared-or-guest-pc#shared-pc-mode-concepts).

- **Browser and Applications**: Add the apps to run on the kiosk device. Remember, you can add several apps.

  - **Browsers**

    - **Add Microsoft Edge**: Microsoft Edge is added to the app grid, and all applications can run on this kiosk. Choose the **Microsoft Edge kiosk mode type**:

      - **Normal mode (full version of Microsoft Edge)**: Runs a full-version of Microsoft Edge with all browsing features. User data and state are saved between sessions.
      - **Public browsing (InPrivate)**: Runs a multi-tab version of Microsoft Edge InPrivate with a tailored experience for kiosks that run in full-screen mode.

      For more information on these options, see [Deploy Microsoft Edge kiosk mode](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/deploy/microsoft-edge-kiosk-mode-deploy#supported-configuration-types).

      > [!NOTE]
      > This setting enables the Microsoft Edge browser on the device. To configure Microsoft Edge-specific settings, create a device configuration profile (**Device Configuration** > **Profiles** > **Create profile** > **Windows 10** for platform > **Device Restrictions** >  **Microsoft Edge Browser**). [Microsoft Edge browser](device-restrictions-windows-10.md#microsoft-edge-browser) lists and describes the available settings.

      Select **OK** to save your changes.

    - **Add Kiosk browser**: These settings control a web browser app on the kiosk. Be sure you deploy a web browser app to the kiosk devices using [Client Apps](apps-add.md).

      Enter the following settings:

      - **Default home page URL**: Enter the default URL shown when the kiosk browser opens or when the browser restarts. For example, enter `http://bing.com` or `http://www.contoso.com`.

      - **Home button**: **Show** or **hide** the kiosk browser's home button. By default, the button isn't shown.

      - **Navigation buttons**: **Show** or **hide** the forward and back buttons. By default, the navigation buttons aren't shown.

      - **End session button**: **Show** or **hide** the end session button. When shown, the user selects the button, and the app prompts to end the session. When confirmed, the browser clears all browsing data (cookies, cache, and so on), and then opens the default URL. By default, the button isn't shown.

      - **Refresh browser after idle time**: Enter the amount of idle time (1-1440 minutes) until the kiosk browser restarts in a fresh state. Idle time is the number of minutes since the user’s last interaction. By default, the value is empty or blank, which means there isn't any idle timeout.

      - **Allowed websites**: Use this setting to allow specific websites to open. In other words, use this feature to restrict or prevent websites on the device. For example, you can allow all websites at `contoso.com*` to open. By default, all websites are allowed.

        To allow specific websites, upload a .csv file that includes a list of the allowed websites. If you don't add a .csv file, all websites are allowed.

      Select **OK** to save your changes.

  - **Applications**

    - **Add store app**: Add an app from the Microsoft Store for Business. If you don't have any apps listed, then you can get apps, and [add them to Intune](store-apps-windows.md). For example, you can add Kiosk Browser, Excel, OneNote, and more.

      Select **OK** to save your changes.

    - **Add Win32 App**: A Win32 app is a traditional desktop app, such as Visual Studio Code or Google Chrome. Enter the following properties:

      - **Application name**: Required. Enter a name for the application.
      - **Local path**: Required. Enter the path to the executable, such as `C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft VS Code\Code.exe` or `C:\Program Files (x86)\Google\Chrome\Application\chrome.exe`.
      - **Application user model ID (AUMID)**: Enter the Application user model ID (AUMID) of the Win32 app. This setting determines the start layout of the tile on the desktop. To get this ID, see [Get-StartApps](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/startlayout/get-startapps?view=win10-ps).

      Select **OK** to save your changes.

    - **Add by AUMID**: Use this option to add inbox Windows apps, such as Notepad or Calculator. Enter the following properties:

      - **Application name**: Required. Enter a name for the application.
      - **Application user model ID (AUMID)**: Required. Enter the Application user model ID (AUMID) of the Windows app. To get this ID, see [find the Application User Model ID of an installed app](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-hardware/customize/enterprise/find-the-application-user-model-id-of-an-installed-app).

      Select **OK** to save your changes.

    - **Tile size**: Required. Choose a Small, Medium, Wide, or Large app tile size.

  > [!TIP]
  > After you add all the apps, you can change the display order by clicking-and-dragging the apps in the list.  

- **Use alternative Start layout**: Choose **Yes** to enter an XML file that describes how the apps appear on the start menu, including the order of the apps. Use this option if you require more customization in your start menu. [Customize and export Start layout](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/configuration/customize-and-export-start-layout) provides some guidance, and sample XML.

- **Windows Taskbar**: Choose to **Show** or **hide** the taskbar. By default, the taskbar isn't shown. Icons, such as the Wi-Fi icon, are shown, but the settings can't be changed by end users.

- **Allow Access to Downloads Folder**: Choose **Yes** to allow users to access the Downloads folder in Windows Explorer.  By default, access to the Downloads folder is disabled. This feature is commonly used for end users to access items downloaded from a browser.

Select **OK** to save your changes.

## Next steps

[Assign the profile](device-profile-assign.md) and [monitor its status](device-profile-monitor.md).

You can also create kiosk profiles for [Android](device-restrictions-android.md#kiosk), [Android Enterprise](device-restrictions-android-for-work.md#dedicated-device-settings), and [Windows Holographic for Business](kiosk-settings-holographic.md) devices.
